							references used for p5
							----------------------

YouTube tutorial on setting up node on Windows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlntE8fe6u4

Stackoverflow post on getting node to work in GitBash on Windows7
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/8543296/sh-exe-node-command-not-found

Bower's website
http://bower.io/

Knockout's website
http://knockoutjs.com/index.html

Myriad conversations with fellow Udacians in HipChat

Google Maps JavaScript API documentation - Getting Started tutorial
https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/tutorial

Video from Google:  Google Maps Garage - Where's My Map!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=21PDd17dnnI#t=62

Free online tool to convert addresses to lat, long
http://www.latlong.net/convert-address-to-lat-long.html

Google Maps JavaScript API documentation - Markers tutorial
https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/markers

Google Maps JavaScript API documentation - Info Windows tutorial
https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/infowindows

Google Maps JavaScript API documentation - Controls tutorial
https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/controls

Google Maps JavaScript API documentation - Listening to DOM Events
https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/events#DomEvents

Google Maps JavaScript API documentation - Places Library Tutorial
https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/places

Google Maps JavaScript API documentation - Autocomplete Tutorial
https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/places-autocomplete

Google Maps JavaScript API documentation - Autocomplete Hotel Search Example
https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/examples/places-autocomplete-hotelsearch

Stackoverflow post - Add/remove HTML inside div using JavaScript
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/17650776/add-remove-html-inside-div-using-javascript

Stackoverflow post - Need an unordered list without any bullets
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1027354/need-an-unordered-list-without-any-bullets

Mozilla article on list-style-type for HTML uls
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/list-style-type

Stackoverflow post - Adding scroll bar to dynamic ul li
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20746745/adding-scroll-bar-to-dynamic-ul-li

w3schools article - CSS Image Opacity / Transparency
http://www.w3schools.com/css/css_image_transparency.asp

Stackoverflow post - setting the id attribute of an input element javascript
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4851699/setting-the-id-attribute-of-an-input-element-dynamically-in-ie-alternative-for

Mozilla article on Document.getElementById()
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/getElementById

w3schools article - Window alert() Method
http://www.w3schools.com/jsref/met_win_alert.asp

Stackoverflow post - CSS: Change Background Color on Hover
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20289481/css-change-background-color-on-hover

w3schools article - Style visibility Property
http://www.w3schools.com/jsref/prop_style_visibility.asp

w3schools article - Style display Property
http://www.w3schools.com/jsref/prop_style_display.asp

Mozilla article on Regular Expressions
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions

Stackoverflow post - JavaScript - Remove character from a string 
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/9932957/javascript-remove-character-from-a-string

Mozilla article on JavaScript Expressions and operators
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Expressions_and_Operators#Comparison_operators

Mozilla - JavaScript String Documentation - String.prototype.replace()
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String/replace

Forum Post on Udacity Forums - How to make AJAX request to Yelp API
http://discussions.udacity.com/t/how-to-make-ajax-request-to-yelp-api/13699/4

Eran Hammer's Guide to OAuth 1.0 
http://hueniverse.com/oauth/guide/

